BD-3185 SMS geographic permissions allowlist (#7549)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/sms_geographic_permissions.md

---
nav_title: "SMS Geographic Permissions Allowlist"
article_title: SMS Geographic Permissions Allowlist
description: "This article covers the SMS geographic permissions allowlist, which allows you to choose which countries SMS can be delivered to."
page_type: reference
channel:
  - SMS
hidden: true
permalink: "/sms_geographic_permissions/"
  
---

# SMS geographic permissions allowlist

> The SMS geographic permissions allowlist enhances security and protects against fraudulent SMS traffic by enforcing controls on the countries to which you can send SMS messages. 

> You can specify an allowlist of countries where SMS messages are permitted, making sure that messages are only sent to approved regions. You'll need the X permission to make changes to the allowlist.

Author: ```suggestion
You can specify an allowlist of countries where SMS messages are permitted, making sure that messages are only sent to approved regions. Only admins can make changes to the allowlist.
```
